whose idea was this to do this to me
well I am a really big fan of your April
Fool's prank no she was like I I want to
do that if I was on the couch let's get
let's get him yeah well you did and well
let's show the video this is what
happened at my house late though early
this morning
[Music]
okay I'm gonna wake up Jimmy now
a schmear
[Music]
yeah yeah
[Applause]
[Music]
baby let you
[Applause]
[Music]
my mouth
[Applause]
I want my money doing
[Music]
[Laughter]
yeah
[Applause]
that's not that's not usually how you
come to me in my dreams and then all
night at the rest of the night all I was
I was hearing better have my money
and now what happened with the why
does she owe you money did you lend it
to the and was there was there a
time period in which it was supposed to
be paid back the was supposed to
pay the money back okay I got you
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you like that
subscribe to our YouTube channel to get
all our latest videos before they die
and go to YouTube heaven
[Music]
you